Update form tracking docs for JavaScript trackers v3.16.0 (#646)
snowplow/documentation: docs/collecting-data/collecting-from-own-applications/javascript-trackers/browser-tracker/browser-tracker-v3-reference/tracking-events/index.md

This is a function used to transform data in each form field. The value and element (2.15.0+ only) are passed as arguments to the function and the tracked value is replaced by the value returned.

> **In versions prior to 3.16.0**, the transform function would receive 2 arguments, that were different between `submit_form` and `change_form` or `focus_form` events. More specifically, the transform function signature **was**:

Reviewer: Can we put this prior to 3.16 section to a `:::note` admonition? Just to visually separate it from the current behaviour.

So something like
```
:::note Behaviour prior to version 3.16 of the tracker
...
:::
```

```typescript
type transformFn = (x: string | null, elt: ElementData | TrackedHTMLElement) => string | null;
```

For `change_form` and `focus_form` events the `elt` argument was the tracked HTML element itself, while for `submit_form` events, the `elt` argument was an object of type `ElementData` with only some of the original element's attributes:

```typescript
interface ElementData extends Record<string, string | null | undefined> {
  name: string;
  value: string | null;
  nodeName: string;
  type?: string;
}
```

> **Since version 3.16.0**, in order to allow the transform function to consistently access all attributes of the tracked element in a backwards compatible way, the transform function receives an extra argument which is the tracked HTML element in all form tracking events. The transform function signature is now:

Reviewer: Nit: a minor thing, but this is not a changelog so we shouldn't argue for why something was changed or not, users don't care. I think we should just explain how things work without too much talk around.

```suggestion
**Since version 3.16.0**, the transform function receives three arguments:
1. The value of the element.
2. Either the HTML element (for `change_form` and `focus_form` events) or an instance of `ElementData` (for `submit_form` events).
3. The HTML element (in all form tracking events).
The function signature is:
```
